Ingredients:
1 unit zucchini
1 clove garlic
1 unit lemon
6 oz spaghetti
10 oz chicken cutlets
1 tbsp italian seasoning
1 tsp chili flakes
1 unit chicken stock concentrate
2 tbsp sour cream
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
2 tsp olive oil
2 tsp vegetable oil
1 tbsp butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
Prep
1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Wash and dry all produce.
2. Trim and quarter zucchini lengthwise; cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick pieces. Peel and mince garlic. Zest and quarter lemon (for 4 servings, zest 1 lemon and quarter both).

Cook Pasta
1. Once water is boiling, add spaghetti to pot. Cook until al dente, 9-11 minutes.
2. Reserve 1 cup pasta cooking water, then drain. Keep empty pot handy for step 5.

Cook Zucchini
1. While pasta cooks, heat a drizzle of olive oil in a large, preferably nonstick, pan over medium-high heat. Add zucchini; cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and softened, 4-6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
2. Turn off heat; transfer to a plate. Wipe out pan.

Cook Chicken
1. Meanwhile, pat chicken* dry with paper towels and season all over with Italian Seasoning, salt, and pepper.
2. Once zucchini is done, heat a large drizzle of oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook until browned and cooked through, 3-5 minutes per side.
3. Turn off heat; transfer to a cutting board to rest.
4. Once cool enough to handle, slice chicken crosswise.

Make Sauce
1. Heat a drizzle of olive oil in pot used for spaghetti over medium-high heat. Add garlic, half the lemon zest, and a pinch of chili flakes. Cook, stirring, until fragrant, 20-30 seconds.
2. Stir in 1/2 cup reserved pasta cooking water (3/4 cup for 4 servings), stock concentrate, and juice from 2 lemon wedges (four wedges for 4). Simmer until thickened, 1-2 minutes. Turn off heat.

Finish & Serve
1. Add drained spaghetti, zucchini, sour cream, and 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings) to sauce; toss to coat.
2. Add half the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. TIP: If needed, stir in more reserved pasta cooking water a splash at a time until spaghetti is coated in a creamy sauce.
3. Divide pasta between bowls. Top with chicken, remaining Parmesan, remaining lemon zest, and a pinch of chili flakes if desired. Serve with remaining lemon wedges on the side.