Ingredients:
5 tsp olive oil
1 tbs butter
1 clove garlic
1 lemon
2 tbsp yogurt
1 tbsp tunisian spice blend (caraway, smoked paprika, turmeric)
10 oz chicken cutlets
12 oz carrots
1/4 oz pistachios
1/4 oz cilantro
1 tsp chili flakes
2 tbsp sour cream
2.5 oz israeli couscous
chicken stock

Prep Chicken
1. Heat oven to 425 degrees.
2. Pat chicken dry with paper towels.
3. Peel and mince garlic. Zest and quarter lemon.
4. Combine Tunisian spice, half the yogurt, half the garlic, 1 tbsp olive oil, 1 tsp salt, a squeeze of lemon juice, and pepper.
5. Add chicken and turn to coat. Set aside to marinate.

Carrots
1. Trim, peel and cut carrots on a diagonal into 1/2 inch thick pieces.
2. Roughly chop pistachios and cilantro.
3. Toss carrots on a baking sheet with a drizze of olive oil, salt, and a pinch of chili flakes.
4. Roast on top rack until golden brown and tender (20-25 minutes).

Sauce
1. In a small bowl, combine sour cream and remaining yogurt with remaining garlic to taste. Season with salt and pepper.
2. Stir in water 1 tsp at a time until mixture reaches a drizzling consistency.

Cook Chicken
1. Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a large preferably nonstick pan over medium heat.
2. Remove chicken from marinade and allow excess to drip off. Add chicken to the pan and cook until browned and cooked through (6-8 minutes per side).
3. Turn off heat and transfer chicken to a cutting board to rest.
4. Once cool enough to handle, slice crosswise.

Couscous
1. Melt 1 tbsp butter in a small pot over medium high heat.
2. Add pistachios and cook, stirring constantly until lightly browned (2-4 minutes).
3. Add couscous and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring until toasted (30 seconds).
4. Stick in stock concentrate and 3/4 cup water. Bring to a boil then cover and reduce heat to low. Cook until tender (6-8 minutes).
5. Fluff with fork. Stir in lemon zest and half the cilantro. Season with salt and pepper.

Serve
1. Divide chicken, couscous and carrots between plates. Drizzle chicken with garlic sauce and sprinkle with remaining cilantro and chili flakes. Serve with lemon wedges on the side.