Ingredients:
1 thumb ginger
1/2 cup jasmine rice
8 oz broccoli florets
10 oz chicken cutlets
1 tsp garlic powder
1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs
1 tbsp cornstarch
2 tbsp sour cream
4 tbsp katsu sauce
2 tsp vegetable oil
1 tbsp butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
Cook Rice
1. Adjust rack to top position and preheat oven to 450 degrees. Wash and dry produce.
2. Peel and mince or grate ginger.
3. Heat a drizzle of oil in a small pot over medium-high heat. Add ginger; cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1-2 minutes.
4. Stir in rice and 3/4 cup water (11/2 cups for 4 servings). Bring to a boil; cover and reduce heat to low. Cook until rice is tender, 15-18 minutes.
5. Keep covered off heat until ready to serve.

Roast Broccoli
1. While rice cooks, cut broccoli florets into bite-size pieces if necessary. Toss on a baking sheet with a drizzle of oil; season with salt and pepper.
2. Roast on top rack until browned and tender, 12-15 minutes.

Pound Chicken
1. Meanwhile, pat chicken* dry with paper towels. Place between two pieces of plastic wrap and pound with a mallet or heavy-bottomed pan until 1/2 inch thick. Season all over with garlic powder, salt, and pepper.

Bread Chicken
1. On a shallow dish or plate, combine panko, cornstarch, and 1/2 tsp salt (1 tsp for 4 servings). Brush a thin layer of sour cream onto both sides of chicken (you may not use all the sour cream). Working one piece at a time, press chicken into panko mixture, coating all over.

Cook Chicken
1. Heat a 1/3-inch layer of oil in a large, preferably nonstick, pan over medium-high heat. Once oil is hot enough that a pinch of panko mixture sizzles when added to the pan, add chicken. Cook until panko crust is golden brown and chicken is cooked through, 2-3 minutes per side. (For 4 servings, cook in batches.) TIP: Thinner pieces will cook faster.
2. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate.

Finish & Serve
1. Place katsu sauce in a small microwave-safe bowl; microwave until warm, 20 seconds.
2. Fluff rice with a fork; stir in 1 TBSP butter (2 TBSP for 4 servings) and season with salt and pepper.
3. Divide rice, chicken, and broccoli between plates. Drizzle chicken with katsu sauce to taste (or serve on the side for dipping) and serve.