Ingredients:
12 oz yukon gold potatoes
1 tbsp fry seasoning
1 unit lemon
1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs
1 tsp garlic powder
10 oz chicken cutlets
8 oz broccoli florets
4 tbsp sour cream
1.5 oz honey dijon dressing
salt
pepper
2 tsp vegetable oil

Instructions:
Roast Potatoes
1. Adjust rack to top position (top and middle positions for 4 servings) and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce.
2. Cut potatoes into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. Cut broccoli florets into bite-size pieces if necessary.
3. Toss potatoes on one side of a baking sheet with a drizzle of oil, Fry Seasoning, salt, and pepper. (For 4, spread potatoes out across entire sheet.)
4. Roast on top rack for 5 minutes (you’ll add the broccoli then).

Roast Broccoli
1. Once potatoes have roasted 5 minutes, remove sheet from oven. Carefully toss broccoli on empty side with a drizzle of oil, salt, and pepper. (For 4 servings, leave potatoes roasting and toss broccoli on a second sheet; roast on middle rack.)
2. Return to top rack until veggies are browned and tender, 15-20 minutes more.

Prep & Pound Chicken
1. Meanwhile, zest and quarter lemon.
2. In a shallow dish, combine panko, lemon zest, and garlic powder. Season with salt (we used 1 tsp) and pepper; set aside. (Use 2 tsp salt for 4 servings.)
3. Pat chicken* dry with paper towels; place between 2 large pieces of plastic wrap. Pound with a mallet or rolling pin until chicken is about 1/2 inch thick. Season all over with salt and pepper. TIP: If your cutlets are already 1/2 inch thick, skip the pounding.

Coat & Cook Chicken
1. Brush chicken all over with half the sour cream (you’ll use the rest in the next step). Working one piece at a time, press chicken into panko mixture to coat on both sides.
2. Heat a 1/3-inch layer of oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pan over medium-high heat. Once oil is shimmering and hot enough that a pinch of panko mixture sizzles when added to the pan, add chicken and cook until crust is golden brown and chicken is cooked through, 3-5 minutes per side.
3. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate.

Make Sauce
1. While chicken cooks, in a small bowl, combine Honey Dijon Dressing with remaining sour cream.

Serve
1. Divide chicken, broccoli, and potatoes between plates. Serve with sauce for dipping or dolloping on chicken and lemon wedges on the side.