Ingredients:
12 oz yukon gold potatoes
1 unit yellow onion
1 unit long green pepper
2 tbsp mayonnaise
2 tbsp sour cream
1 tsp garlic powder
10 oz chicken breast strips
1 tbsp italian seasoning
1 unit chicken stock concentrate
2 unit demi baguette
1/2 cup mozzarella cheese
2 tbsp cooking oil
2 tbsp butter
salt
pepper

Instructions:
Prep
1. Adjust racks to top and middle positions and preheat oven to 450 degrees. Wash and dry all produce.
2. Cut potatoes into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. Halve, peel, and thinly slice onion. Halve, core, and thinly slice green pepper into strips.

Roast Potatoes & Mix Sauce
1. Toss potatoes on a baking sheet with a large drizzle of oil, salt, and pepper. Roast on top rack until golden brown and crispy, 20-25 minutes.
2. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, sour cream, and half the garlic powder (you’ll use the rest later). Season with salt and pepper.

Cook Veggies
1. Heat a large drizzle of oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and green pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, 5-7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
2. Turn off heat; transfer to a plate.

Make Garlic Buns
1. While veggies cook, in a second small microwave-safe bowl, combine 2 TBSP butter (4 TBSP for 4 servings) and remaining garlic powder; microwave until butter is just softened, 10-15 seconds. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper; set aside.
2. Slice baguettes lengthwise, stopping before you get all the way through; spread garlic butter onto cut sides. Place cut sides up on a second baking sheet.
3. Toast on middle rack until golden, 2-3 minutes.

Cook Chicken
1. While garlic buns toast, pat chicken* dry with paper towels; season generously with salt and pepper.
2. Heat a large drizzle of oil in pan used for veggies over medium-high heat. Add chicken and Italian Seasoning; cook, stirring, until chicken is browned and cooked through, 4-6 minutes.
3. Stir in stock concentrate and 2 TBSP water (4 TBSP for 4 servings). Season with salt and pepper.
4. Return cooked veggies to pan; stir to combine. Turn off heat.

Finish & Serve
1. Spread bottom halves of toasted garlic buns with half the garlic sauce. Top with chicken and veggie mixture, then sprinkle with mozzarella. Return to middle rack until cheese melts, 2-3 minutes.
2. Divide sandos and potatoes between plates. Serve with remaining garlic sauce on the side.