Ingredients:
3/4 cup jasmine rice
1 unit orange
2 unit scallions
10 oz chicken cutlets
82 g tempura mix
4 tbsp sweet soy glaze
1 oz sweet thai chili sauce
5 tsp rice wine vinegar
2 tbsp apricot jam
1 unit chicken stock concentrate
1 tbsp cornstarch
4 tsp sugar
vegetable oil
salt
pepper

Instructions:
Cook Rice
1. In a small pot, combine rice, 11/4 cups water (21/4 cups for 4 servings), and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook until rice is tender, 15-18 minutes.
2. Keep covered off heat until ready to serve.

Prep
1. Meanwhile, wash and dry all produce.
2. Zest orange until you have 1 tsp (2 tsp for 4 servings). Halve orange; squeeze juice from both halves into a small bowl. Trim and thinly slice scallions.
3. Pat chicken* dry with paper towels, then dice into 1-inch pieces.
4. In a large bowl, whisk together tempura mix, 1/3 cup cold water (2/3 cup for 4), and salt (we used 1/2 tsp) until smooth. (For 4, use 1 tsp salt.) TIP: If mixture is too thick, add more water 1 TBSP at a time until it reaches a pancake-batter-like consistency.
5. Stir chicken into batter until fully coated.

Make Sauce
1. To bowl with orange juice, add sweet soy glaze, chili sauce, jam, stock concentrate, orange zest, half the vinegar, 1 TBSP water, 1 tsp cornstarch (we sent more), and 4 tsp sugar. (For 4 servings, use all the vinegar, 2 TBSP water, 2 tsp cornstarch, and 8 tsp sugar.) Whisk to combine.
2. Heat a medium, dry pan over medium-high heat. Pour in orange sauce; cook until slightly thickened, 3-4 minutes. Remove pan from heat.

Cook Chicken
1. Heat a 1/3-inch layer of oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pan over medium-high heat. Once oil is hot enough that a drop of batter sizzles when added to the pan, working in batches if necessary, carefully add coated chicken in a single layer. (TIP: Add more oil in between batches if necessary.) Cook until golden brown on first side, 3-5 minutes. Using tongs, flip and cook until chicken is golden brown and cooked through, 4-5 minutes more. TIP: To check for doneness, cut one piece in half.
2. Using tongs or a slotted spoon, transfer chicken to a paper-towel-lined plate. Immediately season lightly with salt and pepper.

Finish Chicken
1. Add tempura chicken and half the scallions to pan with sauce. Reheat over medium heat, stirring, until chicken is glazed, 1-2 minutes. If sauce is too thick, add a splash of water.

Serve
1. Fluff rice with a fork; divide between plates. Top with orange chicken and any remaining sauce from pan. Garnish with remaining scallions and serve.