Ingredients:
1 unit yellow onion
12 oz yukon gold potatoes
1 unit roma tomato
2 unit potato buns
1 tsp garlic powder
5 tsp white wine vinegar
2 tbsp ketchup
2 tsp dijon mustard
2 tbsp sour cream
10 oz ground beef
1/2 cup cheddar cheese
1 tbsp vegetable oil
2 tsp sugar
salt
pepper

Instructions:
Prep
1. Adjust rack to top position and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash and dry all produce.
2. Cut potatoes into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. Halve, peel, and finely dice onion. Halve buns. Thinly slice tomato into rounds.

Roast Potatoes
1. Toss potatoes on a baking sheet with a drizzle of oil, 3/4 tsp garlic powder (11/2 tsp for 4 servings), salt, and pepper. (You’ll use the rest of the garlic powder in the next step.)
2. Roast on top rack until browned and crisp, 20-25 minutes.

Pickle Onion & Make Sauce
1. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine 1 TBSP onion (2 TBSP for 4 servings), vinegar, 1 tsp sugar (2 tsp for 4), and a pinch of salt.
2. In a separate small bowl, combine ketchup, sour cream, mustard, 1 tsp sugar (2 tsp for 4), and remaining garlic powder.

Cook Onion
1. Heat a drizzle of oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add remaining onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and softened, 5-7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
2. Transfer to a plate.

Form & Cook Patties
1. While onion cooks, form beef* into two patties (four patties for 4 servings), each slightly wider than a burger bun. Season generously with salt and pepper.
2. Once onion is done, heat a drizzle of oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Add patties and cook to desired doneness, 3-5 minutes per side.
3. In the last 1-2 minutes of cooking, top each patty with cheddar; cover pan until cheese melts.

Finish & Serve
1. While cheese melts, toast buns until golden brown.
2. Drain pickled onion, discarding liquid. Stir into bowl with sauce.
3. Fill toasted buns with patties, griddled onion, tomato, and sauce. Divide burgers between plates; serve with potatoes and any remaining sauce on the side for dipping.